How our curr works/overview (#643)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/how-our-curriculum-works/our-mission/index.md

+++
title = '🚀 Our mission'
headless = true
time = 10
facilitation = false
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]
1='Define the mission of our organisation'
+++

> Our mission is to support some of the most disadvantaged members of society to launch careers in the tech industry. We are a grassroots movement that empowers communities with the resources they need to educate themselves and prepare for a career in the 21st-century tech industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CodeYourFuture helps people who need it most to reach their goal of working in tech. We are a grassroots movement that empowers communities with the resources they need to educate themselves and prepare for a career in the 21st-century tech industry.
```
